[MUSIC]
>> Douglas Crockford: So I'm also
reconsidering things that I had put in in
the book.
Do I still think the things
I said were good then?.
Are they good now?
So, in the book,
I didn't recommend use of new.
I stopped using it, I recommended using
Object.create instead, and in fact,
I managed to get Object.create added to
the language just so that I could use it.
So, I was really surprised to kind
of notice that I've stopped using
Object.create, and the reason for
that is because I stopped using this.
If you're not using this, then create
doesn't do all that much for you, and
the reason I stopped using
this was because of ADsafe.
So in 2007 there were a number of
experiments at trying to figure out how to
turn JavaScript into a secure language for
doing mashups and
in third party interaction.
There was FBJS at Facebook,
there was web sandbox of Microsoft.
There was the Caja project at Google and
there was my own ADsafe project.
And one of the difficult problems
everybody was struggling to solve was,
what do you do about this?
Because if you have a method,
this will get bound to the object
of interest and that's good.
But if you call that same
method as a function,
this gets bound to the global object,
which gives away the farm.
And how do you deal with that?
And so the approach that the other three
projects took wa,s they have translators,
they read JavaScript and
they write JavaScript.
And the JavaScript they
write is much bigger,
because they're adding a lot of runtime
checking and indirection in order to find
cases where this is turning into a global
object and allowing bad things to happen.
The approach I took with
ADsafe was much simpler.
I said, this is illegal.
So if we see a program with this in it,
we reject it, done, easy.
So we don't rewrite the programs.
We don't make them harder to debug or
slower to run.
If a program passes ADsafe, it gets to run
at full speed without any modification.
But the ADsafe rules would reject
pretty close to 100% of all
existing programs in the Web.
So in order to use ADsafe you had
to work in the ADsafe dialect.
So I decided as an experiment,
well I'll work in that dialect.
I'll see what it's like and
how painful it is.
Now after working with it for
a while I was really surprised
to learn that it got easier.
That I expected it was gonna be a hardship
that I was gonna have to get around, but
that it actually got easier and
my programs were getting better.
I was forced to use the functional
patterns because prototypal patterns
weren't available because I stopped
using this and I really liked it.
And so as I've gained
confidence in this model and
I've become an advocate now of
getting rid of this entirely, and
going all with functions because
that's where the goodness is.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: What does JSLint say about
this?
>> Douglas Crockford: So JSLint,
this is now an option.
So there is now an option that you can
specify which will suppress warnings
about this.
I don't recommend using that option but
it's there.
I added options to JSLint for
a transition, because over
time I'm constantly looking at, how can
I make this language smaller and better?
And things that I thought were
maybe a good idea last year,
this year I'm thinking I'm not sure.
Like this year I'm starting to decide that
labeled break is probably a bad idea,
that I actually haven't used one in
many years and I think I'm better for
not having used one in many years.
So that labeled break is on its
way onto the bad part list.
But there are people using JSLint who,
when JSLint rules change, go aah.
We're used to doing that and
we can't do that now.
So I add the options so
that they can transit out.
We can just get by for now and
eventually we'll fix our code.
Except what happens is people
don't fix their code and
they design their programming style
based on what options they can turn on.
So I'm trying to remove options
now from JSLint as much as I can,
but I recently added the this option so
we can transit out.
>> Speaker 2: You don't use prototypes at
all in the code you write, you personally?
>> Douglas Crockford: I am not using
prototypes anymore.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so Ben pointed out
yesterday that one of the drawbacks to
function versus objects is that all your
functions, every function you have,
there's an instance of that function.
That's functional programming that's-
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah,
we're gonna talk about that.
That's coming up next.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
I was gonna say are there any other
drawbacks to abandoning prototypical?
>> Douglas Crockford: That's the one.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Douglas Crockford: So I've stopped
using null.
JavaScript has two bottom values,
which is at least one more than it should.
And so I'd stopped using null,
I just use undefined now for everything.
Even though it's longer to type it,
that doesn't matter.
So, and I stopped relying on falsiness.
I used to think that
falsiness was a good idea and
I advocated having comparisons and
ifs that were as small as possible.
I now think that was a mistake, that we
should be trying to make comparisons that
are as explicit as possible, trying to
intelligently bifurcate the true cases
from the false cases.
>> Douglas Crockford: I've stopped using
for, because in years five we got
foreach and every and map and
all those others and those are great.
So for most purposes I don't
need to use for loops anymore.
I don't use for in, because I managed
to get object.keys out of the ES5.
So for in never worked correctly anyway,
because it would always dredge through
the prototype chain and you get all
the inherited methods coming up,
which you would then have to filter out.
For in never worked right.
So ES6 will have proper tail calls,
and when we get that,
I will stop using while.
>> Douglas Crockford: So
here are two versions
of the repeat function.
repeat takes a function as an argument,
and
we'll call it until it returns undefined.
And that's a version written using a loop,
and that's a version using tail recursion.
In ES6,
these should both run at the same speed,
both consuming the same amount of memory.
So this will probably be the last
feature implemented in ES6,
so I'm still waiting for it.
But when it comes,
then I'm done with loops and I'm gonna
be doing tail recursion from here on out.
>> Speaker 2: Under the hood,
what does tail recursion look like
in order to prevent from having this
extremely long stack?
>> Douglas Crockford: It's really simple.
Just this turns into jump to,
it's like a goto with an argument list.
So we jump to the repeat function.
So we're jumping to the top.
And if this has a new value,
which it doesn't,
the new value would get assigned
up here and we go again.